Revamping the security structure and CMEK layout to accomodate for additions in future (#351)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/platform/security/encryption.adoc

If you lose keys that are managed outside of Aura, Aura can’t recover your data.

[WARNING]
====
The loss of a Customer Managed Key, through deletion, disabling, or expiration, renders all data encrypted with that key unrecoverable.
Neo4j cannot administer database instances when keys are disabled, deleted, or permissions revoked.
====

=== Deleting a key

If a Customer Managed Key is being used to encrypt one or more Aura instances in the console, it can't be deleted.
If you need to delete the key, first delete the Aura database instances encrypted with the key, then delete the key.

=== Key rotation

In your KMS platform, you can either configure automatic rotation for the Customer Managed Key, or you can perform a manual rotation.

Although automatic rotation is not enforced by Aura, it is best practice to rotate keys regularly.
Manual key rotation is **not** recommended.

=== Regionality

There is a limit of one key for AuraDB and one key for AuraDS per region.
Depending on the KMS, there may be a delay between disabling a key, and when it can no longer be used to encrypt and decrypt data.

=== Importing an existing database

> To upload a database greater than 4GB to instances encrypted with Customer Managed Keys in Neo4j 5, use `neo4j-admin database upload`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can upload a database to instances encrypted with Customer Managed Keys in Neo4j 5 directly from the console or by using `neo4j-admin database upload`.
If the database is larger than 4 GB, you have to use `neo4j-admin database upload`. 
```

Author: that's great! thank you

[[aura-reference-security]]

> = Encryption

Reviewer: What is the motivation behind two identical files with different names? The comments above apply in this file as well, whichever one you decide to keep.
